I work as a freelance artist with comics
and a number of other different
industries for comics I work mostly with
Marvel and idw publishing I've done a
lot of work with toy package art and
concept design I've do most of my work
with comics and I enjoy that the most
because of the opportunity gives me to
do storytelling my part of the comics is
to be a penciler which means that i take
the script that's given to me by the
editor or the writer it's up to me to
adapt that story visually so I decide
what the characters might look like and
make sure that they act and are drawn
appropriately and accurately I determine
what the backgrounds will look like the
props and the equipment that they're
using and to make sure that that all
looks believable that's the pencil errs
job that's the challenge and I really
enjoy the challenge I studied how to
become a pencil ER for comments at the
savannah college of art design I had an
undergrad in general art but I knew I
wanted to do comics and so I looked for
a program where I could go and get a
masters degree in sequential art one of
my professors introduced me to a man
named Randy green who was working with
tsunami studios and he was working on an
x-men at the time so pretty soon after
graduating I moved up to North Carolina
and joined the sonam Studio group I
started to work with idw in 2008 when
they had acquired the rights to GI Joe
so it was up to me to establish their
look on the property as they launched it
so I worked on the main title of GI Joe
with Ryder Chuck Dixon for about four or
five years so I had done nearly 30
issues of that book and over 80 of the
covers for GI Joe when I was working on
GI Joe every character has a different
uniform and there was vehicles that were
associated with the property of course
that had to be accurate but I was given
a little leeway and
artistic license so that was a bit of a
wake-up call when I started working on
america's army I had to make sure that
all the rifles and certainly all the you
know the weapons and equipment and gear
and the soldiers uniforms had to be as
accurate as possible everything that was
hard about GI Joe is twice as hard I'm
working out America's Army and part of
that is because it's so important that
we keep everything is accurate and
detailed as possible so i'll have a
variety of different visual aids that i
use to kind of look at make sure that
i'm joined the tactical vests correctly
what I like about having using toys in
my work is that I can sit there and hold
a vehicle or a particular soldier and
really rotate it look at it at any angle
and be able to make sure that I'm able
to draw them as accurately as possible
along with the accuracy of the
characters and the detail of the
equipment they use one of the fun
challenges of America's Army are all the
different locations that they go to and
all of these things combined really kind
of push the limit of what I've done
before in comics I do have a great
respect and a sense of appreciation for
those soldiers who are serving and half
sir I think I get a lot of that from
honestly my father he's one of the most
patriotic men that I know and he made
sure that was very important for us as
children growing up that we appreciated
our country and that we appreciated
those that serve I'm proud to work on a
project like America's Army and I'm
especially excited for my father to read
it along with my freelance work and toy
package art I'm also teaching my editor
at ITW for GI Joe was andy schmidt and
he created the name online school for
instructing people how to draw comics
and it's something that I really enjoy
I'm glad I get the opportunity to share
what I know
that means we be able to do that for me
when you get to do what you love when
that has your work it's no longer work
it's a blessing